# cybersecurity-portfolio.
A portfolio for showcasing my progress and achievements in cybersecurity.
Inanyah Clark
Atlanta, Georgia/ USA
I have taken several computer-based focused classes,which led me to my interest in technology. Throughout my career in management and customer-facing roles, I frequently used platforms such as Microsoft Excel, Powerpoint, and other software tools to support daily operations and improve efficiency. I've always had a genuine passion for learning more about AI, technology, and how digital systems function behind the scenes. I'm especially interested in gaining more hands-on experience in the IT field to expand my skill set, challenge my thinking, and grow both personally and professionally.
After completing the cybersecurity course, my goal is to enter the IT industry with a strong mindset and fondation in network security, threat analysis and system protection. I aspire to begin at entry-level roles such as a security analyst, IT support specialist and or network technician. Im drawn to industries that make a real impact, such as healthcare,government, or nonprofit organizations, where strong cybersecurity is essential. I also see myself eventually working remotely or in hybrid tech spaces that allow both structure and freedom. My ultimate goal is to build a career that not only offers stability and financial growth but also keeps me mentally stimulated and allows me to keep learning and growing. 
A experience I am proud of is while working at State farm Arena as a bartender, my current job I always go above and beyond when it comes to customer-facing roles. This experience may have been small to some but to me it was huge, going out my way to help a customer carry several drinks to their seats because they had several elderly with them. I took the time to make help them and seeing their smiles make me happy, I love that experience because what I am aiming for in cybersecurity is It support and I will go above and beyond to make sure a customer needs are met. 
